term: review usage of "Git workflow" (and "GitOps") (#4007)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/use-cases/model-registry.md

even containerize and deploy them to cloud providers!

> This ecosystem of tools from [Iterative](https://iterative.ai/) brings your ML

Author: ```suggestion
This ecosystem of tools from [Iterative](https://iterative.ai/) introduces [GitOps]
```

> process onto [GitOps]. This means you can manage and deliver ML models with

Reviewer: alternative wording altogether:
- "... introduces GitOps into your ML process." 
- "... introduces GitOps framework into your ML process." 
- "... introduces GitOps methodology into your ML process."

Author: No strong opinion. Do you find the current wording suboptimal? If so we can go with your first suggestion.

Reviewer: Same, no strong opinion, more of a personal preference.

> process onto [GitOps]. This means you can manage and deliver ML models with

Author: ```suggestion
into your ML process. This means you can manage and deliver ML models with
```
